WebView2: Improve docs for async methods (#759)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/0-9-538/webview2-idl.md

> title: Microsoft Edge WebView2 for Win32 apps

Reviewer: Can you update the page title please?

Reviewer 2: The title is generated from a template of ours for all the reference docs. I will open a task in our ADO backlog to address this. But will not gate this PR based on this feedback

DLL export to create a WebView2 environment with a custom version of Edge, user data directory and/or additional options.

> browserExecutableFolder is the relative path to the folder that contains the embedded Edge. The embedded Edge can be obtained by copying the version named folder of an installed Edge, like 73.0.52.0 sub folder of an installed 73.0.52.0 Edge. The folder should have msedgewebview2.exe, msedge.dll, and so on. Use null or empty string for browserExecutableFolder to create WebView using Edge installed on the machine, in which case the API will try to find a compatible version of Edge installed on the machine according to the channel preference trying to find first per machine install and then per user install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `browserExecutableFolder` to specify whether WebView2 controls use an embedded version of Edge, or the installed version of Edge that exists on a client machine. To use an embedded version of Edge, pass the relative path of the folder that contains the embedded version of Edge to `browserExecutableFolder`. To obtain the embedded version of Edge, copy the versioned folder name from your installed version of Edge on a client machine. For example, copy the `73.0.52.0` folder from the folder where Edge version 73.0.52.0 was installed. Ensure that the folder has both the **msedgewebview2.exe** and **msedge.dll** files. To create WebView2 controls that use the installed version of Edge that exists on client machines, pass a null or empty string to `browserExecutableFolder`. In this scenario, the API tries to find a compatible version of Edge that is installed on the client machine (first at the machine level, and then per user) using the selected channel preference. 
```
